Let's dive a little deeper.
For example, consider the following.
A digital telehealth startup receives messages of many kinds from its patients.
One patient may want a copy of last month's invoice.
A second patient might want to know more
about switching from a daily formulation to a monthly formulation.
A third might report side effects such as headaches,
dizziness, and arm numbness after starting a new medication.
These messages clearly differ in their content.
The first might be appropriate for customer support,
whereas the other two might need to go directly to a medical provider.
Moreover, they differ in urgency.
The third patient dealing with critical side effects of a new medication,
clearly has a more urgent need than the second patient,
who's merely curious about changing the frequency with which the medication is taken.
In the beginning, these messages might be handled by a single person
processing them in a queue and sending
them to either customer support or medical support.
You might be able to see how this would become a problem for
both the users and the business as it scales and grows.
This would quickly become unwieldy and
an automated process for classifying and rounding these messages might be desired.
This would lead to better response times,
better patient experience, and may even save someone's life.
All of these are huge benefits to our business and most importantly, their customers.